# Quake 3 reports

## Task 1: describing the reports system

Describe how you would implement a **command line tool** to read Quake 3 log files and generate reports. Describe the architecture, classes/modules and design decisions. There is no need to write the code, the answer should be in plain text and in english. Prefere paragraphs instead of bullet points.

The system should be able to read a text file containing the games log of a Quake 3 server. The log aggregates information about kills,  deaths, suicides and player names ordered by time.

### Use case 1: game summary

As a Quake 3 server admin I'd like to feed a command line app with my server log and obtain a summary of all games present in the log file. Assuming each line of the log file contains one of the following informations:

- A game start event 
- A game end event
- When an user kills another and the gun he used
- When an user dies by himself and the cause of the death

The command line application should output a summary with the following informations (for each game match):

- player names
- total number of kills
- total kills by players

### Use case 2: command line ranking

As a Quake 3 server admin I'd like to feed a command line application with my server log and obtain a ranking of all players ordered by the number of kills of each player. The command line application should print the list of players with their kills.

### Use case 3: web ranking

As a Quake 3 server admin I'd like generate a web page with an user friendly output of command line rank command.